Avrae Page Update (#18)
LemurianAdventureGuild/wiki: house_rules/multiple_characters.md

Players may create multiple characters if they wish. All resources for the characters including items and gold must be kept separate. Loans of gold or items are not allowed between one player's multiple characters either directly or through a 3rd party. Note that creating multiple characters will slow your growth progression over time, but will grant you more flexibility.

The DMs do not recommend creating more than 2 characters as this will drastically slow your character progression. However, if you still wish to create a 3rd character, you may do so. You will be limited to only 2 active characters in the discord on any given week. This includes RP spaces, usage of time units, and interactions with other characters and NPCs.

## New Character Creation

> Please roll character stats with Avrae in the discord. You can do so with the command ```!rollstats```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please roll character stats with Avrae in the Discord, preferably in your DM private chat for ease-of-reference. You can do so with the command ```!rollstats``` which is configured to do 4d20kh3 * 7, so drop your lowest (or be risky and drop a higher one!).
```
